Tell us the stats. This is episode 150 A.B. testing. Brent has stats. Tell us the stats.
Statman Brent. Welcome to A.B. testing podcast, your modern testing podcast. Your hosts, Alan
and Brent will be here to guide you through topics on testing, leadership, agile, and anything else
that comes to mind. Now on with the show. Hey everybody. No, I don't know. I don't know how
to be excited for this thing, but is the A.B. testing podcast. Uh, yeah, I'm Alan.
I'm Brent. What do you mean you don't know how to be excited? It's episode 150.
It is episode 150. Yeah. It's episode 150 of the A.B. testing podcast. It's episode 1.5.
No, 150. We have done 100, only 149 for Brent, but we'll call it 150.
Not counting all the one three, four, three. Yeah. We did the ABT three, four, three. We had
three of them. I think only three because only have three listeners or add a listener. So the
ABT three, four, three stopped. If one of those listeners has stopped being a listener and you're
a new listener and want to do a little thing with me, you can be on a new ABT three, four, three.
The one thing that would be great. Uh, so I really liked that, that series and we have a
lot of the three that you haven't three, four. There's only, there's only three, three. Yeah.
Well, it's no, I agree. Uh, if you're a first time listener, I'm sorry. Um,
please go back to episode 87 and start from there and figure, and then you'll never make
it this far because you realize we're just two dumb guys talking, yelling into the internet.
Yeah. You know, I, I just, I love our listeners. I really do. I, one aspect is.
We don't deserve them, Brent. We do not deserve our listeners. I just go like, why?
If you're listening to this, we still, six years later, how long we doing this?
For a long time, right? You have some stats, but 150 episodes and we still don't know why you
listen. Yeah. I don't get it. Yeah. Well, we did, we did drink during one episode, you know.
Yeah. That was amusing. That was your. My, my, my, my farewell at Microsoft. That was. Yeah.
Low hundreds. I don't know. Maybe you know this Brent once again, though, by the way,
for those of you waiting for me to yell at Brent, now's the time.
Brent is eating again during the podcast because Brent's a complete,
something inappropriate. He's seriously chewing on throwing these stuff into his mouth. Whatever.
All right. So you've collected some stats. Tell us the stats is episode one 50 AB testing.
Brent has stats. Tell us the stats stat, man, Brent.
First off, it's only peanuts because I couldn't find the corn nuts this time.
Yeah. I couldn't find the corn nuts or the, you know, the crunchy chips.
That's great. So we're episode one 50. We've made that point. Yep. We did episode 50 in December of
2016. And then roughly two and a half years later, we did episode 100 on, in April of 2019.
Which was, I remember right really close to like our five year anniversary starting 2014. We did.
We did. So 105 years came pretty close together. Yep. And we are essentially a month early
for episode 150, but roughly two and a half years later, we now have the, we now have this. So
we should hit, we should hit episode 200. Let's see magic ball. I'm going to say two and a half
years. That would be episode 200, April of 2024. Do you think we'll make it that long?
If we want to get to episode 200. Okay. Let's go for it. Let's, let's, let's make a pledge now that
we will get to episode 200. I just can't think that far ahead. Oh, actually when, when will we hit it?
According to this around April, 2024, let me do some math.
So back up, let me do some math to see. It would also be our, our 10 year.
Oh, interesting. So what year is it now? 21, 22. Okay. So I have to throw, we haven't talked about
this. There's a wrench in the plan here. I haven't talked to you about Brent. There's a wrench in the
plan. You're retiring next month. No, no, no, no, no. But I do want to talk about, I do want to talk
about the new job, but one thing on my bucket list. So, you know, my youngest will be done with
high school a year from this June. So graduating in 2023, oh shoot, this should work out perfectly
actually. So she's graduating June of 23. Is that right? No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So,
so she's a sophomore this year. No, she's a junior this year. Am I doing my math wrong? Oh, we're past
January, huh? What month is it? It's 21 now. So this year, this June will be June 22.
The next June where she graduates will be June 23. I was correct the first time. Right. Thank you
for confusing me. You're welcome. So then one of the things that's been on my bucket list since
I've been around 10 years old has been to hike the entire Pacific Crest Trail from Mexico to
Canada. It takes about five months. Okay. So I would probably leave in April of 24. That's the
first year we don't have kids in the house so I can get away with it. So the plan would be to leave
right after our 200th episode if all goes well. Okay. So we'll, we'll see what we can do. Wouldn't
suck if we did one 99 and then I disappeared for five months.
No, we would just do 200 the next day. Yeah. There would be no way.
Or we would just skip one 99 have episode one 99 and be like a minute long and then do 200.
Yeah. See all sorts of algorithms we, we, we just take, we just take episode 198,
cut it in half and then, Oh, we should do a part two part twos. And then you'll never guess
what happened next time on the AB testing podcast. All right, man. So that that's a plan based on
stats. Yeah. You mentioned, you mentioned, so I didn't, you've never mentioned before your,
your desire to hike that, right. So I am formally of the Boy Scouts. So I'm not in coach or I have
spent time doing long hikes. My kids both went through or my boys both went through Boy Scouts.
My kids have done things of that nature. That sounds like a lot of, a lot of fun.
Well, we've talked before about, and think about this a little bit. One is it's beautiful.
Two is I like the outdoors and exercise, but more importantly, we've talked about introverts
and extroverts and extroverts get energy from being around people. And for introverts like me,
doing meetings all day is tiring. Oh, think how much energy I will bank
walking by myself for 2,500 miles. Oh, you will until, you know, it's the last day. And then you go,
Oh, I might just, I might get to the last day and I'll, I'll get to Canada and I'll just set up my
tents and say, I'm going to live here. So actually, it's being professionally homeless is really this
for, for when you were, when you were at Microsoft, did you ever take your sabbaticals?
I did. I spent two and a half months in the South of France.
Oh, right. I remember I didn't realize that you took your sabbatical for that. I remember your,
the long time off. I have not taken my sabbatical yet. But a buddy of mine just finished his.
And I was, he, he talked to me before he took, he, before he took it and he kind of took it
because he was a little, like what we've talked about in the podcast before, like sometimes you
get in a situation where you had them make a decision to either change your job or change your
job. Right. And he was at that point. He came to me before he left, because he was kind of looking
for guidance or mentorship. Like this is what I'm thinking. How should I use my time off to put my
head in the right place? So to think one of the things I said, I'm glad that you did.
Because I know Microsoft HR had, has the stats, the data I showed with him,
it was 20 years old at the time. But even back then, they knew that if a, if an employee took
off more than three months, the probability they come back, it was like 10%.
Yeah. No, I, I, I anecdotally, I believe that. And I was, you know, I came back for a while,
but I was, I was on my way out for the moment.
Well, right. So one of the things in sabbaticals, and I'm curious if it was in place when you left,
but now for sabbaticals at Microsoft, in order for you to even go, you, they will still grant it,
but you have to commit that if you leave Microsoft, you will not leave until one year
after you've returned. And yeah, I believe, I believe that was the case when I took mine.
Okay. Yeah. Because they, because it's apparently a good mitigation for their prior stats.
And he, he came back and he is, of course, he's like, oh yeah, I completely understand why that
stat is true. Because he was like the last day, he was like, oh, I don't want to go back.
But we had another talk anyway. So I kind of want to do a discussion here that could be
part things we've talked about before, part things, part things that could be ideation.
Okay. I'm going to give you a term or I'm going to give you a scenario. Right. All right.
Let's say, so we've talked about on here all the time about like the differences between on-prem
and services and, and how sufficiently good monitoring is equivalent to testing.
I'm going to give you a term and I'm going to say, Hey, Ellen, you're going to reorg it again.
And I'm going to reorg. And let's pretend not that I'm your boss, but I'm pretending to be your boss,
not me. I'm like your existing boss, like someone good. Imagine that that guy's coming to you. Okay.
And the thing I want you to take on all I know is three words. Okay. And I want you to
disambiguate this and design it out. And what would be the program? Okay. I want you to take
on customer centric monitoring. Okay. So not live site monitoring, customer centric monitoring.
Is this, is this product externally facing or internally facing?
External. So I'm selling a product that is customer centric. No, no, you're not selling it.
You, you are going to build up the customer centric monitoring team. The only thing,
only thing that your executive knows is he wants Alan to run this team. And he, and he's,
he doesn't even know who our customer is. No, you, so you have customers. Okay. Okay. But
so imagine you at unity. Okay. You have an executive that has, that wants you to run a
team. And the only thing he knows about this team is that you're at the head
and they're in charge of customer centric monitoring. So everything else is ambiguous
on purpose. Gotcha. What's the goals? What are you doing? Why are we doing this?
All of that is ambiguous. It's up to you because you're an exec too. In this scenario,
what would you do? Okay. Well, I mean, the first thing I do is I do want to try and get clarity
on, and again, I know you want me to get to actually trying something, but I am going to
see if it's possible for me to get any clarity from anyone involved, both my new exec manager
and people I work with understand like what's the actual outcome you want from this? What are we,
I'll play the game of, okay, let's imagine we have customer centric monitoring. What's different
about what we're doing. I'm just going to try and get somebody to give me a clue where we're
going. So I may not get a clear clue. Let's stop there. Like if you were to own a team called
customer centric monitoring and you were in charge of defining that, how would you define it?
So now I'm the product manager as well. Okay. Customer centric monitoring is, I would say
it's the information. I don't want to be, I don't want to be repetitive and use monitoring the name.
It's the information we're able to get that let's understand our customers the best,
our customers and their activities. And this is very vague. It's a fun, it's a fun little interview
game we're playing here, but I think customer centric monitoring. Yeah. It gives me the
information I can gather. Let's let's our teams know the most details about our customers as we
can, or the most beneficial details about our customers and the way we use our product as we can.
Okay. And like for me, when I think of the term, just to help bolster, when I think of the term
monitoring, I think of something that feels more near real time, more, more, right? So we've
spent a good amount of time talking about like service monitoring, right? And that, right.
Principle five, like customers define your quality, but a lot of those discussions around,
are around looking at, looking at customers in aggregate and saying, what are the problems
with our service? So for me, this term kind of takes it the other way around. So, so like imagine,
I got to imagine how many, how many services, how many services do you help ship it in unity
or have done it? Like it's, it's in the dozens or plus, right? Hundreds. Okay. So unity offers
multiple different services. And I got to imagine unity has customers that leverage a good portion
of several of those services. Yep. Okay. Yep. So instead of monitoring the service,
this is now monitoring the customer. Yeah. Again, my definition is around the customer and how they
use it. I wasn't monitoring health. It's who, it could be customer centric is everything from
demographic data around the customers and where they are, maybe even deducing their profile to
understanding how they're using the product, understanding what the experience is they're
having with the product. Where are they having success or failure, but really focusing around the
customer view of using the service versus the health view of the service. Well, if you think
of it in that regard, it would be like the customer health, right? Probably, probably a
business from a business point of view right now, why would you monitor? Because only customers
can evaluate the quality of the product and I monitor to understand. I want trying my best to
understand what the customer experience is with the product. So let me, let me take it a different
way. Why do you monitor to the service in general? I want to monitor it to know if it's behaving
within expected norms. Okay. And if it's not, you want to be able to take action. If it's not,
I want to be able to take action to correct it or to understand or to, there's something I need
to learn. Okay. Could we use that same model with customer centric monitoring? Like your
definition is, okay, are the customers behaving with the expected norms? And so what kind of,
what kind of actions? I don't actually have the answers. I'm just sort of,
I, I'm really trying to explore this with you. No, no, no, I get where you're going. I,
yeah, you absolutely could do the same thing with customers. I want to, I guess I could have an
expected success rate or I want to know if customers are encountering errors. And again,
they're always going to encounter errors, but maybe I can look for anomalies in those errors
or spikes or, or maybe I want to know every error they hit when they're using my service.
So I want to understand the quality of their experience. For example, I could, I could do,
I'm looking for customers who were successful. Maybe it's just AP, successful API calls over
failed API calls should be at 99.9%. That would be, it's health, but it's customer facing.
Right. And in that regard, it's without regard to what API is right? Because
yeah, it would depend on the service and how it's being used. But I'm,
I would imagine there's like, if it's a typical, uh, crud service, I would look at each of those
actions as well as a workflow. I fixed him to go through it would, I guess it would depend on
how I define success of the service or what not success of the service, what customer success
would look like for the service. Right. Which is going to be right. The one main reason why I don't
think a lot of people do this is like each customer is different. Like their workflows are different.
Their problems are different. Yeah. Right. So this is why I actually think this is an interesting
topic. Like how do you, how would you define healthy unhealthy? Like I'll, I'll give you a
measure. I'll give you a measure that, that, that I'm thinking through. I would say if I were to go
back, now this is historical data. So this is no longer a monitoring scenario. This is now,
okay, what do we have from, from my point of view for training data, right? If I see a particular
set of sequences, including failure sequences, and then I see that those are correlated to people
leaving the platform, that probably is unhealthy. Right. Or, or if we see a particular set of
sequences that then go, that show suddenly growth happens, kind of implying that they were dealing
with something that wasn't, wasn't so much that they were willing to flip the bid, but once they
solved it, it, it unblocked growth. That would be another one. Sure. There's a whole bunch of stuff
with unique and active and returning users. You can look at, again, it depends on the platform and
the API and what the services and using it as a, like to me, I could see it as sort of like an
early warning system on a current customer basis. Like what's the probability that,
what's the probability that a whale customer, I got to imagine Unity has whale customers. I don't
know if you use that language, right? Yep. That's, that's, I think that's basically industry standard.
Okay. One of my fame, favorite game producers, and I think one of yours as well, Bethesda,
are they on Unity? No, that's sad. But I got to imagine if they were, they would,
they would likely be viewed as a whale, maybe. Okay. Okay. So they're not,
so let's use them hypothetically. How would you know if their experience might be unhealthy and,
and unhealthy in a way, for example, how far away might this company be from, from abandoning the
platform? I think it depends on the service in some cases for calling your CEO and saying WTF.
Well, the, the best example is to look at, uh, like for some of our whales, we will count,
we will monitor, set up monitoring and alerts for their revenue stream. So we can see money coming
in for them, like through an ads platform. You could also do the same thing through other APIs
as they're using them understand specifically if their success rate is going down. Right.
Cause once you see, once you see an anomaly in the revenue stream, then you want to be able to
look for the causation. Right. Right. Anything else that you can think about in this front
to me, I think it's a, it's an interesting idea. If we look at it in an entirely different way
and treat each customer individually. Now, that of course constructs a problem on scale,
right? You have to figure out, okay, well, what are the actions that you would take?
Well, I think what you could do is you could take your whale customers and maybe build models
based on what you discovered and monitor with them and see if you could apply those at the
smaller scale of the smaller customers. Maybe I do feel like lean analytics though,
which I think you've read does cover a chunk of this. They don't call it customer focused
analytics or whatever customer centric analytics, but they are looking at analytics based on the
lean startup or MVPs or iterations, which I think does, there's an overlap.
There's an overlap, but a lot of those things are doing it from a, again,
some a service sort of view or a product sort of view. It's the thing that's an interesting pivot
to me is instead of, or in addition to, not instead of, but in addition to monitoring
and doing all the data feeds that we've been talking about around the product itself
and aggregate, how does it change if you take that same set of data, but pivot by customer
and what actions would you change? Like here's, here's, for example, one of the things,
I'm not blowing any, any NDA thing. Cause I think this would be a common situation.
So I spent a lot of time in look at, you know, on a day-to-day basis, looking through our support
data, constantly finding insights for things around how we can improve. And my team has also spent
a good amount of time doing what's sort of the user journey or the retention funnel.
And one of the things that we, we eventually did is we broke our customers
into multiple categories and then only started looking at two of them. So we, we found two
different personas and we split them into, I think there's what seven, eight different categories,
but then we only look at two and those, those two are what we'll say. I'll give them the names
of the whales and the startups. Okay. You couldn't think of a cool animal name for the startups.
The whales and the, the, the tigers. I immediately think of tigers because of Kaizen.
What? Okay. But not puppies. Okay. That's fine. You can go tigers.
Yeah. And for the weasels, how about that?
Ink, penguin weasels.
Some of them. Yes. Yeah, for sure. Cool.
Now, the reason why these are interesting is the whales, these two categories,
they show fundamentally different behavior. The, the whales are number one, where we get
the majority of our revenue. Not surprising. That's kind of the definition of a whale,
but generally they care less about the efficiency of their money. Like money is not a problem for them.
Generally, they just view it as, okay, it's a cost. How I want a different goal. Like I
want availability or I want stability or, you know, some other illity. The other guys, again, the,
the, the weasels we'll call them. I don't like calling them weasels. I'll go back to tigers.
The tigers, the thing about them is they're very cost conscious. They need to be lean, right? If
you've, as you and I have both done, we've read lean startup and the purpose of a startup is to
find a stable business plan before the money runs out. Right? Yep. But these guys, they're very
cost conscious. ROI is super important to them, but they have the benefit that there is orders,
not just one, but orders magnitude higher. So if you think about decision-maker, there's a lot more
humans making decisions in the, the tire category. And so analyzing these, these two sets differently,
I found to be extremely interesting because it, and actually one of the things that's interesting
is we're finding, so a lot of executives top down there, they go, okay, if we can make our whales
happy, then everyone else benefits. No, that's not true. It's not true. I've actually found it's the
other way around. Yeah. Yeah. They're special. Right. I found that it's exactly the other way
around because making the whales happy, what they want is all their little specific, very proprietary
things that, that no one else cares about in terms of thinking that bit from, from that angle,
then to me, customer centric monitoring might be across our entire fleet of products. Can we identify
key places where it is clear from customer behavior that they're making decision points
and whether or not those decision points are mutually beneficial, detrimental to the business?
Did I lose you there? Nope. You got me. All right. Okay. Well, I kind of
talked through this. I'm not certain which else to go to.
All right. Yeah. So is this your new business venture?
Prince customer centric monitoring? No. So this was a term that was introduced to me today.
Unfortunately, it was presented as essentially yet another, it was presented to me as essentially
a synonym for yet another preventative test suite that somebody wants to run. And I'm like,
okay, the name is cool. And I think, you know, being in the year 2021, we can do a lot cooler
stuff than, then, then try to revisit, you know, 1986 tech. Cool. You can call it Project Tiger.
Project Tiger.
Project Tiger. Yeah, sure. All right. Okay.
Exciting.
A brainstorming lesson on principle number five. You know what? In my notes somewhere,
speaking of principles, I did write up the revised modern quality principles. I don't know what to call
them. Are they still modern testing principles? The ones that we remember a couple episodes ago,
we talked about them. We talked about generalizing. I didn't. And my guys, I think the modern testing
principles are still true. We're now just like, no, no, no, no. But I don't know if I've generalized
them. Are they still called modern modern testing principles? That's my question. Anyway,
I got to post those to one of the three.slack.com. You get your innovation at moderntesting.org.
My biggest, one of my biggest accomplishments, I have two maybe huge accomplishments in 2021,
maybe three. One is still being alive during the pandemic. Number two is I managed to get
an auto renewing SSL certificate on moderntesting.org. Okay.
For those of you who don't know, moderntesting.org used just to be a Google domain that I had
auto redirect to the old blog site before we moved to Anchor. But this year I moved it to AWS
where I pay a whopping like $1.12 a month for hosting moderntesting.org. It's rough, but
I was also able to get it set up with a Let's Encrypt certificate that auto renews files.
Took me a couple tries to get that right, but that's my second biggest accomplishment of 2021.
And I have a third, which I told you about a couple of weeks ago that I'll let the listeners
know, which is maybe about a year ago, I announced on this podcast that for the first time in forever,
first time in like maybe, because I was at one of those levels of Microsoft where you have to,
there's lots of inappropriate ways to put this, you have to suck up a little bit to get another
promotion. And I refuse to do it. I was at one of those career levels. So about a year ago,
I got promoted for the first time in a long time. That was,
I don't, that is not a career level thing. That is a divisional cultural thing.
Whatever. I, yeah, again, I, uh, anyway, I got promoted again. And, uh, my new, did I tell you
about my, do we talk about my new group on before on the podcast? I think I can't remember with the
new reorg a group called engineering services, which is all of the tools, it's tools and
infrastructures, essential tools and infrastructure for all of unity desktop apps, as well as cloud
apps documentation org is also in my org. So have an org now about 200 people. And I am the new
VP of engineering services. Hey, Kamala and I have something in common or both VPs.
I think my boss may be slightly more confident than hers.
Uh, yeah. And, and I think you're slightly more competent than, um, anyways. Um, yeah.
We could, we could go there and, and to be clear, to be clear, I am, for those of you may be
listening for the first time, I am no conservative Trump lover. I just expect more from a, I'm also
not afraid to call out when I expect more from someone in charge. So that's all going to leave
that right there. Go on through topic. So anyway, what does that mean? Nothing. My job's the same
right now. I have, I have, honestly, I have too many direct reports right now and too much
learn about the org to do what my role should be, which is a lot more outreach across the company
and getting people to do, to understand what we're there for. Although I'm doing a little
outreach next week, I am meeting with, uh, one of the folks from Weta. Did you know,
you know, what are, did you hear about the Weta acquisition? Weta is a company owned, uh,
presently by Peter Jackson. It's all the software used for digital effects and 3d rendering used in
avatar, all of the Lord of the rings movies, uh, game of thrones, all that stuff. Uh,
unit unity bought there, not the film studio part, but they bought the software engineering
tools, the graphical tools with their customer remaining, uh, primarily, uh, Peter Jackson
studios. Uh, we have, yeah, pretty, you know, state of the art, sophisticated graphic and
artistry tools, which are now part of unity is pretty cool. And I'm going to meet with one of
the folks from there next week. I'm excited about that. Cool. So is, is you welcome them to
the show is unity going to like, uh, start going into the movie business, taking on Pixar.
It's like game. It's like games. We don't make games that we give you a game engine to do it.
We're not going to make movies. We're going to give you the tools you need or more. We give you
some already more of the tools you need to make movies. Like we already have a major
with this acquisition and just acquiring the tools. We already have a major film company
using our stuff and we'll have more over time. What this does is by taking it,
it does two things. It gets Peter Jackson out of the software business and it gives more,
more other companies ability to, uh, purchase and use those tools for their digital effects.
So it's, it's pretty exciting. And then of course, some of the, a lot of this stuff will
make it into game development as well. All cool stuff, but I'm going to meet with them.
And to do that, I may actually go to the unity office for the first time in a very, very,
very, very, very long time. Oh, and, and, oh, oh, and because we haven't played in a long time.
We talked about it before in the game of where in the world is Alan, I may go to Copenhagen in
December. Nice. You're going to be back pretty well with COVID. I'll be back by Christmas,
barring any, you know, lockdowns or anything. But with one caveat, I was getting ready to go
and I went and dusted off my passport, which I haven't looked at him forever. And it expires
within three months, which is way too little time for them to let me actually go. So I sent in for
an expedited passport and we're going to see how quickly it comes back. So I may push that out till
January. I feel like in June when we're all getting vaccinated, we saw like a light at the
end of the tunnel, like, man, it's going to get better. Then there was a Delta variant and a
bunch of people who still think that the vaccine is going to mutate their DNA and turn them into
zombies within 18 months. And yeah, we're in a weird spot. I don't think that's actually what
they think. Yes, that's what they think. Okay. All right. You don't want me up on that soapbox.
I don't think that's what they think. Yeah, they do. They do. No, but I have a more interesting
question because I don't know. Ask away. I don't know what it was that you just said that triggered
me, but it reminded me of a discussion I've had recently. So in your view,
what is the best game of all time? Well, that's an interesting question and a subjective question
where you could argue almost any answer. So it depends. Tetris. You know, it could be Tetris.
The game, okay, the game I have probably put the most hours into ever is Skyrim. Is it the best
game? Yeah, pretty good game. Top 10. Yeah, for sure. I really am a fan of sort of the
Metroidvania genre. So especially the, and again, not the best games, but again,
quality can only be evaluated by the customer and like the Ori games, Ori and the Will-O-Wisps,
Ori and the Blind Forest, two of my favorite games ever. Those are games I can play over and over
from beginning to end. Best game ever. For me, it's not going to be a shooter because I suck at them.
It's not going to be an MMORPG. I think what Blizzard developed World of Warcraft is fantastic
in getting people addicted to their game like it's crack cocaine. But while I have put hours
into that game and played it a couple of times through, I generally get bored with all the
toxic behavior from the people in the end game. So that takes away from me. The whole point of
the game is to get to the end game and do all the big raids and stuff, but the people doing
that stuff are just jerks. So by the time I get there, I'm doing it. I completely, I am not a fan
of the MMORPG period, but I will say both Starcraft and Warcraft are in my top five and probably
multiple times. And to be fair, a similar engine. In fact, Bethesda made both, right?
Fallout four was one of my favorites. Oh, so that actually you've now mentioned
the two things that he and I debated, right? Because he came in and he just straight up said
Skyrim is the best game ever. And I'm well, that's funny. Yeah, it was. That's one of the
first ones I brought up. Yeah, this is what the one you said you spent the most time on.
But I'm like, that is clearly fault. Like, and I said, any, any in my view, any of the Fallout
series from Bethesda is better than Skyrim. Now Skyrim's fantastic. Sorry.
Are you including Fallout 17?
Because I just made the same mistake I made with that as an exception.
Now I have not played 76 in several years. Right. And I understand that they may have
unscrewed it. All right. Whatever. Anyway, I, I never, I yeah, same. Um, that's a good one. I think
I'm trying to remember if I ever actually finished Fallout. Any of them? No, I think I may. I try to
remember if I finished the end of Fallout because you can finish and keep on playing. You're talking
about Fallout four. I thought four. Yeah. Yeah. I finished the end of that and every single
DLC that they had. Doesn't that one and go. No, I do remember the end now. Yeah. Because you go to,
I'm getting a bunch of games in my head kind of merged together in the weird endings.
But yeah, I can't remember now. I think follow what I get.
Fallout four is the one where you, I think you have to go kill people at MIT.
Yeah. Yeah. You're in Boston the whole time killing people. Yeah. So that, that, so the answer was,
it's interesting that you asked two people and they both said Skyrim, but then
Skyrim was the best. You said that you're right. I didn't. Now if we, and to be fair,
and here's the funny part, I never finished Skyrim either. I am class. I will play 90%
of the game. And for some reason stop sometimes because it gets hard sometimes because I'm just
bored at the end. Oh, I finished Skyrim, but I've never played it again.
There's some very few games like mass effect. Mass Effect is, is one of the few RPT,
PG type games that I've actually gone back and played as a different character.
Yeah. I actually don't like the, I get tired of the gameplay and mass effect of all like that
choosing what you're going to say to somebody, I guess he had to do that in fallout and it's
all the same. So nevermind. Cool. And then what was the other one borderlands is fun.
Oh, again, another game I love to play, but haven't finished every single one ever. I have played,
I didn't play two. I played three, four, that one that kind of came in the middle in space.
And every single one I get 75, I get 75% of the 80% done. I get to a boss that I just can't kill.
I try 40 or 50 times and I give up and the game stays there. Sometimes I'll go,
I'll get bored and I'll pick a couple hours trying to go kill stuff in easier areas to level up a
little bit and get stronger so I can kill the boss. But I still can't get to it. I just give up.
I'm not good enough to like, I absolutely love the first four, six, 10 hours of gameplay,
the borderlands games, and then I'm just stuck and I have to give up. It's frustrating.
But the problem is borderlands five will come out and I'll buy it onto the same thing.
It's worth it to me to pay the 60 bucks for that 10 hours a game.
But our lands four is the only one I haven't solved. And that was mostly because me and my
younger son were playing it together and then COVID happened and then he, he did college and
now it's like in this incomplete thing and I refuse to start playing it by myself.
So that one may, may never get finished. I don't know. I have an Xbox game pass
and it was, she means I download a lot of games and I play a lot of them for about 10 minutes
and delete them. I have a hard time finding games I like. I really liked, and this is,
this is going to be controversial because not a lot of people did, but for whatever reasons,
the gameplay and puzzle solving of the Tomb Raider series out of Ubisoft, I believe Square
Enix. I've liked a lot. Those are, those are games I'll always purchase and play through
and often buy a chunk of the DLC. Yeah. I was just thinking through
the Assassin's Creed series. I played all of those. I tried. I tried. I could not get into this.
I've, I've played a half hour or an hour of maybe four. I've gotten,
so the later ones, actually, there was one where the main character is a ship captain.
He is actually fighting the Assassins and that was kind of the last one I did. Deus Ex.
That was, that's actually one, that's the only one I can think of when you were talking through
games where you get to a boss fight. It's really nothing you can do except start the game over and
rebuild. Oh no. Yeah. Yeah. It's so Deus Ex. Have you played Deus Ex? No. Okay. It's, it's one of these
things where you go along and then you get, so the main character is sort of a cyborg and you can get
upgrades to particular systems. And with this one main boss, I was, it was absolutely clear that
the way I upgraded is not going to help me win. And there was no like place, like a lot of games
you can go redo your build. Yeah. There's, there's no, there's none of that in this game. So I call
that a bug. I did too. Cause I'm just like, okay, I can just keep pounding my head against this,
you know, titanium wall, or I could start all over and I'm like, all right. None of those
options sound interesting to me. At least one of our three listeners doesn't game and is completely
bored by now. Oh, okay. So let's go to the last game. So the one is fitting that there are two
that has taken up all this story was going somewhere. This is new information. Now, the,
the two is taking up the most time right now is, uh, back into magic cards, but now on the app.
So magic, the gathering arena. I'm all about that. Uh, and then, uh, animal crossing.
So, uh, I have not, uh, jumped into the animal crossing bandwagon, but there is an active animal
crossing community at unity. They have a channel where they communicate a spreadsheet where they
keep track of what their things are so they can trade and what they make, et cetera.
Uh, you know, last year there was a DevOps conference held inside of animal crossing.
I did not know that. Uh, I'll see if I can dig out a link to that. Someone will. So yeah,
it is a thing I've never gotten into. I, my daughter played quite a bit. I thought about getting a,
um, switch, a, uh, switch so I could, you know, join the club and make stuff, but I did not.
I still want to get a switch just to play Mario Kart, but whole different genre of game.
But I think, I think Mario Kart's a fantastic game. It is a great game. I'm looking at it.
So yeah, it was April, 2020 DevOps conference. That's awesome. All right. Yeah. Maybe that's
where we should have modern test con is in animal crossing. I'd be aboard, although there's no
audio for the things. So you can only chat. So I think that would get tiresome pretty quickly is
yeah. I'd have to look and see how they did that, but we'll figure it out. All right, man.
Any other announcements or I mean, this was like the rambling one 50 of, of stuff.
No, I have its review season. We got, I did there. I'll do next week. I'm taking Thanksgiving week
off. It's a Friday. So I'm going into the weekend to recharge because I have a crap ton of, of
connects to write the following week. Cause they're all due by the end of the week.
Uh, then I have another week. Oh, I guess for me, this exciting is my, my eldest will be home
for Thanksgiving. So that's fantastic. All right. Yep. That's it. We should.
Okay. Well, we kind of, kind of a rambling one 50, but a little bit of time with Brent and
Allen, you see what's new with us and we'll come back in a couple of weeks with one 51.
I guess we're going to have to drink Bacardi one 51 during the episode, because how could you not
and Brad says, no, do we want to, I actually, you know what? I don't like rum at all. I may have
drank too much of it when I was like 17, but I don't like rum. Rum is rum is great, but right now
I've actually gotten into, uh, it's called Roku. It's it's, oh yeah. That's it. Like TV. No, it
videos. It's a Japanese gin and it's interesting. Awesome. Rice gin. No, I think these several of
the same ingredients, but they add a Japanese style like Yuzu. Do you know what Yuzu is? Yuzu?
Okay. They add Yuzu to, to it. And so it has, it has these delightful citrus overtones.
Next time on food and wine with Brent and Allen. All right, dude. All right, man. Let's call it
good. This has been episode one 50 still episode one 50. I'm still Alan and I'm Brent. All right.
See you later.